docs(renovate): update renovate doc on how to allow post upgrade commands (#2908)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/renovate/readme.md

You can have a look at [the documentation of the available presets](https://github.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/tree/main/tools/renovate).

## Post upgrade commands

The Otter presets come with post upgrade commands to help the upgrade process by running migration scripts or regenerating the SDK for example.

> This feature can only work if these commands are whitelisted in the renovate bot configuration.

Reviewer: I would emphasize that the Renovate bot configuration is not to be confused with the repository configuration

Author: Done.

The file to update in order to whitelist these commands depends on your setup:
* If you use a Renovate GitHub App and the renovate bot config is not inside your repository, you need to define the allowed commands in the repository where the bot config is.
* If you self-host Renovate, you need to define the allowed commands in the bot config inside your repository.

You need to add the following field to your renovate bot config in order to support the Otter presets:
```json5
// ...
"allowedPostUpgradeCommands": [
  // Used to execute post-install scripts (like version-harmonize)
  "^(npm|yarn) (ci|install)$",

  // Used to execute the migration scripts
  "^(npm|yarn) (run|exec) ng update[a-zA-Z0-9.= {}()#@'\/-]*$",

  // Used to regenerate the SDK
  "^(npm|yarn) run spec:upgrade$",

  // Used to execute the migration scripts of ama-sdk
  "^(npm|yarn) exec schematics @ama-sdk\/schematics:migrate[a-zA-Z0-9.= {}()#'\/-]*$",

  // Used for yarn upgrade when using PnP
  "^yarn dlx @yarnpkg/sdks$"
]
```

## Self-Hosted Renovate

> If you need more control on the way renovate bot is run, then you can [self-host](https://docs.renovatebot.com/examples/self-hosting/) your renovate bot, which means the bot is configured inside your repository.

Reviewer: not linked to your changes but I find the link https://docs.renovatebot.com/getting-started/running/#self-hosting-renovate more relevant than https://docs.renovatebot.com/examples/self-hosting
```suggestion
If you need more control on the way renovate bot is run, then you can [self-host your renovate bot](https://docs.renovatebot.com/getting-started/running/#self-hosting-renovate), which means the bot is configured inside your repository.
```

Author: Updated.

> If you need more control on the way renovate bot is run, then you can [self-host](https://docs.renovatebot.com/examples/self-hosting/) your renovate bot, which means the bot is configured inside your repository.

Reviewer: My understanding is that `self-hosted` just means your are managing your own renovate bot
not necessarily that it's in the same repository

Author: Ok, some blurry areas are now getting clearer for me, for example the fact that [allowedCommands](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosted-configuration/#allowedcommands) option is part of the Self-hosted options.

Author: I updated the doc accordingly, thanks.
